We added a bunch of components as I said The cool thing about component's is that we can output content.
So let's go to the products component for example instead of outputting.
Hi I'm a product component which is of course some static text.
We could simply add a button that allows us to click it and then maybe add more dummy products to the
list.
So here we could output my products and bloated we could have a day off which represents a single product
and let's say for now a product release is just a div with a name not beautifully styled not super powerful
but showing how this works.
So for dead we can output dynamic content with this double curly braces syntax.
This is called strict interpellation and it allows us to refer to a property of our typescript class
and output its content here in the template for example product name.
Now we don't have that property yet.
So let's go to the high school class and let's add in the class product name could be a book with that
if you save both files and you go back you see a book on the screen here.
Does this output dynamically.
Of course the cool thing is that this name could also now be assigned dynamically.
For example we could add a constructor which is a function that will be executed automatically when
that component is created.
And we could add set time out a default javascript function to do something after 40 seconds and here
the arrow function which is next generation javascript syntax.
It's like a normal javascript function word that this keyword is handled in a safer way though.
But in the end this is a function that will be executed after three seconds.
And there we could set this product name equal to a tree.
And now if we save this we still will see a block.
But after three seconds this becomes a treat.
And this shows us the power of angular.
Now besides string interpellation for outputting text we also can listen to events.
So we could add a button where we could say change name on the back and we had a click listener with
this syntax parentheses.
So opening parentheses then the name of the event like click or mouse enter without D on at the beginning.
So from normal javascript you might know on click and so on.
Now here it's just click and then between the quotation marks of the value we assign we don't actually
output text but we define a reference to a function that should be executed when this is clicked.
Or we can also define short inline statements.
Even so here we could set product name to tree.
Please notice the single quotation marks here because the double quotation marks don't actually marked
text here.
Instead this is interpreted as typescript code so we need to define the string with quotation marks
in there.
Now I'll go back to the typescript file and comment out the time out functionality so that this doesn't
interfere with our code.
And with that let's save all these files.
And now a book doesn't change unless we click this button.
And now it's a treat.
So this is how we can react to events now.
Besides strict interpellation and event binding there also is something which is called Property binding
properties are well like variables of object.
You could say and every age DML element has an underlying Dom element which is just a javascript object
with properties like for example the button here.
The button has a property which is named disabled which determines whether it is disabled or not.
We could at disabled like attribute and now the button would be disabled we conflict.
However this attribute which is a normal age feature also just sets the value of a property of the underlying
DOM object and we can directly bind to that property by adding brackets around this name here.
And now we can assign the dynamic value here to like is disabled.
Now this is not text but referring to a property in our typescript file.
So if I go to the file and add a new property is disabled and set it to False.
Initially she was me too true initially then if we go back the button is not clickable because that's
true value is bound to that disable prompt hence disabling the button.
Now of course we can change this dynamically like here and set timeout.
We don't change the product name.
But we said this is disabled to fault after 40 seconds.
This should ensure that the button is disabled initially but gets enabled after a few seconds.
So now I can click it and with that we learned about the most important syntax we have.
Now there's one more syntax and that is called two way binding.
It's used on inputs typically And it is used with the following syntax.
We combine square brackets in parentheses.
So we bind property binding and even binding and bind to ngi model which is a special directive provided
by angular.
We then assign a value which we want to bind.
Like for example the product name.
This now ensures that the value of this input is the value of the product name but that if we type into
that input that product name is updated to whatever we entered.
Now to enable this entry model directive we need to go to the app module and import an additional marshal
into here.
So an import statement at the top and the module name we need is named forms module because N-G module
is used on imports.
It's typically part of forums and these directives and features are stored in a separate package in
at angular slash forms does import here isn't all we need.
We also need to grab that module and add it to our list of imports to add that functionality to our
app module and therefore to our angle or app.
And with that we got this enabled and now we see the input which is pre-populated with our book.
And if we type here and say a boat now does all the updates to text below it because it's binding in
both directions.
Listening to events and also storing the current value.
So this is the syntax we use to dynamically output the content.
Now the important part the sites that are directives Let's learn what's up with these in the next lecture.